hello and welcome to a new one
follow the fifa 15 career mode with
Werder bremen and yes we are already
good every song and it is
relatively far back as we already
that means we are going slowly but
certainly not in such a way anymore
uninteresting phase where especially
21 players are still important
in my 35 points are on our
live and 32 points of right on the
account the hoffheimer that means with
We could hope for a victory
For example , maybe not
do not pull over right away and so went
then go on first action yunus malli and
play parade by Baumann times
again with eleven number 2 quasi so with
our second team and then
Branches bring the ball to the mother
that they there once the tricks short corner 10
and our winter newcomer with his
first goal if I'm not quite
devil also looks really good for us
already so far
but a piece over but hope home
He had nothing until this action
but then to offer forlan film
Just ask him and now watch out
land on chemistry only that the film however
and carola world-class rescue from
Tyrolean on the line in front of the line like
he always prevented him from doing so
balancing the clinton everyone has the
chance to make a decision here
But put his dribbling at the end
ends up in the arms of Baumann
So we still win 1 to 0
at Hoffnungheim and move with it
tied with them 22 players 35
points as I said the legionaries 40
points mark for not descending
just before it would miss a
important step for us but first
then it goes home game against Werder
he somewhere I thought everything is
motivated and who shoots two goals
against us, of course
Nicklas Bendtner and we lose two
to one by the lord double pack
bitter pill but of course too
you can cope with wolfsburg
Of course sometimes we lose sight of it
us
you briefly in the team to right
and see that most of our
Team is wonderful
the lake gets better as a lake
santos has accounts in the hour
DE also at +3 we saw on the
where we still have a purchase option
Unfortunately we do not have any of them at christian
is also on 73 to the emergency I want a lot
I like keeping it very much
until you see if we dare
and try to commit to that
sommerpause
Let's see how the whole thing develops
We have the purchase option and after
Location of the things and if we place in the
I am currently in the squad
Not at all, I thought so
had he but of course we should
If you should not have an extra seat
Take away there we should hopefully
just keep telling him to commit in the end
the season if we still have enough space
In the bag then should all that
no problem his next away
at the sc freiburg
of course, first wanted the
defeat against wolfsburg again good
you see we are still there
eighth still
35 points freiburg ten points behind
and so it looked okay but first
scene of the lot and then there is directly
this action here günther is the same
bring in the post and there is
some guy I've never met
belongs
I have no idea and it is 1 0
short forest the apple did not see
especially good but ours
answer follows at the same time lowering runs
through finds the santo and who am I
the santo with the equalizer the
Sandoval again hot on this lot
goes back to günter lets him
stand again and then he is free and
bürki in tor parried nix action is
then something dangerous out again
I put bush through class
again finds the santo de santo
milled part turned the whole
of course a wonderful situation for
us normal hajrovic with the long shot
because do not go in
but then 83 minutes, of course again
a counter by the substitute
everyone finds, of course
the wonderful ones are the santo and alone
the ball somehow back at hajrovic
and then it loads 3 2 1 of partie
is won wonderful thing and the
next victory 38 points we are approaching
On and on this 40 point brand
and should we surpass her when I am
simulated against bavaria at home and
in fact we win 1 3 against fc
Bavaria Munich in the simulation that is
In any case, a little something
new for us I would say that
we simulation technology against such a
good team win but until 1 10
and we definitely have it
the 40 points for sure and should be nothing
have more to do with the descent too
when the least covered it
had far but maybe I wanted it now
to have said experts specially victorious
away simulation back 10
that went very well there
hajrovic should get more money
plays class with us directly next
play afterwards at home against mainz
the individual of the report 1 1
0 0
mainz small damper in the big one
time now but fits everyone
if the results so far
We will go to the next game again
simulation abroad at stuttgart
Unfortunately, we lose two this time
one so that our little series tore
and I thought that can do it all
no longer running simulations
Now we have to show something again
so it went in numbers plays the february
semi-final against vfb stuttgart we
had won 1 0 in dortmund and
Of course we want the title now
it would be attacking in the end
nordderby against the hsv would be awesome
that because please but nothing works and
I 'm just very strange
situation that timo werner and 13
minutes it is already use 1 no matter who
that was a northern derby in the dfb
Cup final is not lost yet
but nothing action lucio and me
must admit
not even completely at the time
I rarely played wall like that
so far alive from the computer so and what
one played the wall here
somehow very bad cut of
In any case, the shot went to me
For miles next to it I wanted to show myself
first chance but then the first
right chance and mali fails
to keeper alone with me the picture now
I just hung up with you
Not that everyone puts out funny when it does
with you a little bildstörung gave
then please apologize
there seems the files must be listened to
if you have not forgotten then
Unfortunately, we already have the right side
the 90 minute again enforced class
the ball in the center that is bringing the
fin bartels and the again with the
hit a nice header met
Unfortunately, unfortunately, under the latte
unfortunately no north derby in the dfb
cup final and no title in the first
season for us but that was natural
not our claim semi-final
dfb cups of course a great result
I like the super league and that
we courageously in the last games as a
Couple are still and yes if it is
Please do not like proven
I forgot the next video
again meant where do we end up
the together and until then people
push